# 😄 Week of 10/10/23 (Week 8)
## Shayne Shen, Technology Design Foundation

### Reflections

🔴 Our team initially pursued our original shredder-printer concept, bought the necessary equipment, and brought them to class. However, we encountered challenges during our Monday working session. After a discussion with Shm and several design specialists, we recognized that our initial goal might be too ambitious to achieve within the three-week timeframe. As a result, we met up again on Tuesday and decided to pivot our approach, delving into the kit box and exploring how we could create designs using the existing components. 

🔴 The challenging aspect is to maintain our digital ecosystem, adhere to the original logic, and devise a mechanism that is both achievable and highly efficient. Our decision is to leverage OLED screens, photoresistors, and vibrations in our project.


### Speculations

🟡 Our Monday's guest speaker's visualization of voice looks cool, although I didn't understand most of the technical aspects he mentioned. It provides an easier space for musicians and sound engineers to fine-tune vocal performances, adjust pitch, and create unique soundscapes. It reminds me of many open. processing projects that convert pop music to artsy visual patterns, which can be a game-changer for people with hearing impairments. 

🟡 Our team's concept of an emotional vending machine would be incredibly enjoyable if it could be transformed into a functioning vending machine and put into operation. I can imagine it implementing an AI assistant.

🟡 Our Monday's guest speaker's visualization of voice looks cool, although I didn't understand most of the technical aspects he mentioned. It provides an easier space for musicians and sound engineers to fine-tune vocal performances, adjust pitch, and create unique soundscapes. It reminds me of many open. processing projects that convert pop music to artsy visual patterns, which can be a game-changer for people with hearing impairments. 

### Summary

🔵 We got our hands dirty this week haha! 
