# 😄 Week of 10/16/23 (Week 9)
## Shayne Shen, Technology Design Foundation

### Reflections

🔴 I've been mainly working on photon and OLED screens this week. Theoretically, this should be a quite simple task, even easier than the LED. But for some reason, all of our photon Adafruit libraries acted up.

🔴 Helpful references I found online

1. [Adafruit official coding + wiring instruction](https://learn.adafruit.com/monochrome-oled-breakouts/wiring-128x64-oleds)

2. [Photon 2 datasheet](https://docs.particle.io/reference/datasheets/wi-fi/photon-2-datasheet/)

3. [OLED + Photon showcase](https://medium.com/home-wireless/adding-a-tiny-oled-display-to-the-particle-photon-fe95cf36860d)

4. [Github used in #3](https://github.com/pkourany/Adafruit_SSD1306/blob/master/ssd1306_128x64_i2c.ino)

🔴 Debug process

The main issue I encountered is the "redefinition of ‘class Adafruit_SSD1306'" or "redefinition of ‘class Adafruit_GFX'". For some reason, these libraries couldn't load properly. Something might be wrong with the web.IDE since it's a basic website for starters to run the Blink project. After meeting with Jeff, I switched to the Visual Studio and finally got the OLED working! 

🔴 Issues 

Every step was wrong––I was quite frustrated yet learned so much from the process. Special thanks to Jeff! 

1. Soldering was so bad and I had to ask help from Gary. His soldering skill is impeccable.
2. The wiring was wrong––I switched it to I2C mode later.
3. I forgot to import the Adafruit libraries.
4. I probably imported these libraries multiple times, explaining why the "redefining" error kept popping up.
5. I should start using Visual Studio a lot earlier. 

### Speculations

🟡  I always wonder if there's a way to expedite communication between humans and computers. Professional coders talk and think like computers––they're trained in that way. However, for many beginners like me, bridging the gap between human thinking and computational thinking can be a lifetime challenge. 

🟡  There're many gamified software adding more joy and spice to the learning process. However, I wonder if there's an AI translator who transforms a human's simple, verbal command into complicated code––code that I can never write on my own.

### Summary

🔵 It wasn't until this week that I fully understood the power of Photon as a firmware. I learned a lot about c language, something I had zero experience and understanding with. Our team did a great job designing and assembling our prototype, even though all of us were under the pressure of multiple major DDLs. The moment we got our circuit and little components to work was magical! 
